Make it simple, but significant.
That’s how you know you love someone, I guess, when you can’t experience anything without wishing the other person were there to see it, too.
The heart wants what it wants. There is no logic to those things. You meet someone and you fall in love, and that’s that.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
The worst day of loving someone is the day that you lose them.
You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Some things are just hard to forget because the emotions involved with them were so intense.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.
In practice of tolerance, one’s enemy is the best teacher.
You can’t change your situation. The only thing you can change is how you choose to deal with it.
People do not die from suicide; they die from sadness.
I believe in courtesy, the ritual by which we avoid hurting other people’s feelings by satisfying our own egos.
Once you’ve accepted your flaws no one can use them against you.
Life is a balance of holding on and letting go.
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
Just because you’re unhappy doesn’t mean you can’t laugh at funny things and marvel at beautiful things and enjoy happy moments. You can still do happy things even if you’re unhappy.
Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
You can ask the universe for all the signs you want, but ultimately, we see what we want to see when we’re ready to see it.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies; a man who never reads lives only one.
When you throw dirt, you lose ground.
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.
When we’re in love, we tend not to see the bad side of someone. That’s the pathetic part of it. Sometimes, even the worst person in the world can be the best person for your own belief.
Somedays you just have to create your own sunshine.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view… Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
You want a love that consumes you. You want passion and adventure, and even a little danger.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Don’t practice until you get it right. Practice until you can’t get it wrong.
If you can’t figure out your purpose, figure out your passion. For your passion will lead you right into your purpose.
We must be our own before we can be another’s.
Confidence is the only key. I know a lot of people who aren’t traditionally ‘beautiful’ — not symmetrical or perfect-bodied or perfect-skinned. But none of that matters because all that shines through is their confidence, humor and comfort with themselves. I can’t think of any better representation of beauty than someone who is unafraid to be herself.
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.
I’m quirky, silly, blunt, and broken. My days are sometimes too dark, and my nights are sometimes too long. I often trip over my own insecurities. I require attention, long for passion, and wish to be desired. I use music to speak when words fail me, even though words are as important to me as the air I breathe. I love hard and with all that I have… and even with my faults, I am worth loving.
Some people come into your life just to teach you how to let go.
Silence speaks when words can’t.
That’s who you really like. The people you can think out loud in front of.
Don’t be afraid of your fears. They’re not there to scare you. They’re there to let you know that something is worth it.
Perhaps most of all, though, you deserve to be okay. You deserve to know that a day in which you can just barely get out of bed because you are sad, or sick, or simply not ready to see the outside is not the end of the world. You deserve to know that moments of weakness do not make you fundamentally weak, only fundamentally human, and that sometimes we’re not going to be effusively happy, and that is okay.
I have noticed that if you look carefully at people’s eyes the first five seconds they look at you, the truth of their feelings will shine through for just an instant before it flickers away.
Loving someone should not mean losing you. Love empowers you. It shouldn’t erase you.
Next time you’re stressed, take a step back, inhale and laugh. Remember who you are and why you’re here. You’re never given anything in this world that you can’t handle. Be strong, be flexible, love yourself, and love others. Always remember, just keep moving forward.
If you wait to do everything until you’re sure it’s right, you’ll probably never do much of anything.
If you look to others for fulfillment, you will never truly be fulfilled. If your happiness depends on money, you will never be happy with yourself. Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
Maybe the past is like an anchor holding us back. Maybe, you have to let go of who you were to become who you will be.
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return. To just give. That takes courage, because we don’t want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Look, in my opinion, the best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are. Good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you, the right person is still going to think the sun shines out your ass. That’s the kind of person that’s worth sticking with.
Sometimes the only way to catch your breath is to lose it completely.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it.
There’s definitely a dangerous feeling when you’re in love—it’s giving your heart to someone else and knowing that they have control over your feelings.
Character is doing the right thing when nobody’s looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that’s right is to get by, and the only thing that’s wrong is to get caught.
Never chase love, affection, or attention. If it isn’t given freely by another person, it isn’t worth having.
Sometimes you meet a person and you just click—you’re comfortable with them, like you’ve known them your whole life, and you don’t have to pretend to be anyone or anything.
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliché that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that’s his problem. Love and peace are eternal.
Some people believe holding on and hanging in there are signs of great strength. However, there are times when it takes much more strength to know when to let go and then do it.
Eventually all the pieces fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know that everything happens for a reason.
So many people are shut up tight inside themselves like boxes, yet they would open up, unfolding quite wonderfully, if only you were interested in them.
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single, flashing, throbbing moment.
I don’t know how people can get so anti-something. Mind your own business, take care of your affairs, and don’t worry about other people so much.
People universally tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will maybe descend upon you like fine weather if you are fortunate enough. But that’s not how happiness works. Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it.
The root of suffering is attachment.
To know what life is worth you have to risk it once in a while.
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
When you start to really know someone, all his physical characteristics start to disappear. You begin to dwell in his energy, recognize the scent of his skin. You see only the essence of the person,not the shell. That’s why you can’t fall in love with beauty. You can lust after it, be infatuated by it, want to own it. You can love it with your eyes and body but not your heart. And that’s why, when you really connect with a person’s inner self, any physical imperfections disappear, become irrelevant.
I think everyone’s caught up in these narrow-minded worlds and they think their world exists in the center of the universe. Relationships only happen when it’s convenient. You have to walk on eggshells for people because that’s about how strong they are these days. And you can’t confront people, because if you do, that brittle shell of confidence will crack. So we all become passive cowards that carry a fake smile wherever we go, because God forbid you let your guard down long enough for people to see your life isn’t perfect. That you have a few flaws. Because who wants to see that?
Because there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline, no matter how many times it’s sent away.
The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Thoughts could leave deeper scarring than almost anything else.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Good friends help you find important things when you have lost them… Your smile, your hope, and your courage.
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.
One person’s craziness is another person’s reality.
Don’t forget to fall in love with yourself first.
There will be times in your life when you have to choose between being loved and being respected. Always pick being respected, that love without respect was always fleeting — but that respect could grow into real, lasting love.
To me, beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It’s about knowing and accepting who you are.
Life becomes easier when you learn to accept an apology you never got.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
We scream our insecurities but mutter our apologies, and that is why this world will always be so wrong.
Never apologize for having high standards. People who really want to be in your life will rise up to meet them.
Don’t chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to you. And stay.
You can break down a woman temporarily, but a real woman will always pick up the pieces, rebuild herself, and come back stronger than ever.
You want a new life. But you take the new one you get every morning for granted.
Too much of anything could destroy you. Too much darkness could kill, but too much light could blind.
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.
Live the full life of the mind, exhilarated by new ideas, intoxicated by the romance of the unusual.
Once in a while, amidst all your bad days, you’ll have a good day. A great day even. Make sure you remember those days. Keep them safely in your pockets, maybe even a jar on your desk because you need to know that there are and will be better days. You need to remember how on those days you felt warm inside, like you’ve just drunk a hot cup of tea; like a small fire was ignited inside of you. Hold on to that warmth. And never let it go.
We are always waiting for something, for it to be the weekend, to be finished school, till summer, till we are 18. We are always god damn waiting and what’s sad is we miss every beautiful moment in the ‘present’ because we spend our whole lives waiting for tomorrow and for the future, we end up skipping our whole lives, and one day we will spend our last day waiting on a tomorrow that will never come.
One cannot be prepared for something while secretly believing it will not happen.
Knowing who you are is confidence. Confidence, not cockiness. Cockiness is knowing who you are and pushing it down everyone’s throat.
We are all ordinary. We are all boring. We are all spectacular. We are all shy. We are all bold. We are all heroes. We are all helpless. It just depends on the day.
Maybe you don’t need the whole world to love you, you know, maybe you just need one person.
Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you.
When another person makes you suffer, it is because he suffers deeply within himself, and his suffering is spilling over. He does not need punishment; he needs help. That’s the message he is sending.
